= Exigo

This is a small library to access the soap api at api.exigo.com.

The Exigo system is widely used by MLM marketing companies to manage users.

== Using Exigo

You must have a valid Exigo api username, password, and company to access the database.

Here's an example of the LoginCustomer api call:
  
  begin
    conn = Exigo.new(API_USERNAME,API_PASSWORD,API_COMPANY)
    r1 = conn.login_customer(:LoginName=>username,:Password=>password)
    r2 = conn.get_login_session(:SessionID=>r1[:session_id])
    r2[:customer_id] # => exigo user id of the user if they authenticated
    
    u = User.find_by_exigo_id(r2[:customer_id])
  rescue # failed login will throw an exception
    u = nil
  end
  
If you would like to run the tests, which run against production exigo, copy test/creds.sample.rb to test/creds.rb and modify the credentials to your info.

This is very new and relatively untested. Thus far it has only been tested against the LoginCustomer and GetCustomers api calls.

== Contributing to exigo
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 David Moulton. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

